and we have a technology reminders I
mean audio reminders they're very
difficult to deal with because you they
take on a personality cars begin to take
on personality okay a car that informs
me open the door is open voice say open
okay
every time I open the door of a car I
don't necessarily give him and drive it
away I could have it in the garage
I could be loading it or clean in it
he's saying goodbye to your wife and
child you got the door oh I know I know
for Christ's sake I'm just saying
goodbye to my wife and child you're mine
safety belt there's another one audio
remind baby he's not like door open this
is a nasty little David email by
ambition to get into the car and get the
belt on before we can say anything
I work our questions I sit down I hold
it up and I said what is this ain't
about very good
it's too low that I must wear my you
know I should be fine fifty pounds if
I'm not wearing my TV man door open door
closed I'm sitting there one then and
door and it says bastard let me get into
the car
close the door then he tells me about
the booth why in the name of Christ when
I was outside saying goodbye to the wife
and what is it back
do you know what I do now I leave the
window up
I don't open the door anymore I climb in
the window I Drive to Birmingham little
bastard doesn't know we've been anywhere
voices and under nowadays they have
these centers in cars your gauge petrol
gauge needs to be very simple it just be
e half s up assistant Huard
one of the Z was empty was it half and
half full it was it f it was full you
didn't need it anymore now I have in my
car a little symbol of a petrol pump
what it's full it's read it close and as
it goes lower it sinks and when it gets
to a certain point the designers of the
car feel that the the driver must be
informed that the petrol is going low
you're not capable of working that out
but your own head
a voice comes on petrol and this is not
like the door open are the little
bouncing this is an authoritarian voice
well and the further you go without
getting petrol the designers I suppose
have in built us a slight click so this
authoritarian voice goes I run out of
petrol purposely
walking on the road with a count of my
on the cars going I told you so
you can really give you a car I'm
nervous breakdown undo your safety belt
open the door and run out of petrol